Nav Telemetry: disable if `telemetry events` is disabled (#5455)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Updated `MapboxManeuverView` or `MapboxRoadNameView` to prefer Mapbox designed shields over legacy ones. [#5445](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5445)

> - Fixed `Nav Telemetry` is not running if `Telemetry events` is disabled. [#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)
> - Updated `MapboxNavigtation#provideFeedbackMetadataWrapper` throws `IllegalStateException` if `Telemetry evetns` is disabled.[#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Fixed `Nav Telemetry` to not run if `Telemetry events` is disabled. [#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)
- Updated `MapboxNavigtation#provideFeedbackMetadataWrapper` to throw `IllegalStateException` if `Telemetry evetns` is disabled.[#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)
```
